it's just that all of a sudden I started
to feel this pain up in my chest I don't
understand it one moment I was terrified
in the next moment I was thrilled I wish
I knew why all this was happening and it
was my first kiss
but I I've been thinking about it I was
thinking of that time you told me about
the shell matching game remember
how there's one person in the world out
there waiting for me who's the perfect
match yes I remember that I think it
might actually be someone when I'm with
him
my heart races so fast feels like it's
going to burst your families will never
reach you I'm happy for you hey Nicole
[Music]
I'm happy for you
thank you I'll be right there but I'm
sorry you can tell me all the details
later all right good night he mokou good
night to Connor
[Music]
I'm not going to kill her just yet the
pain and suffering Tsubasa received is
far beyond anything you've experienced
until the final judgement the last
battle you shall crawl about on the
floor of Hell no I'm not going to kill
you just yet
I've made my decision
I've made my decision he Macau
[Music]
he always protects me
he's always there for me
a person who was sensitive to my
feelings and is there to support me
whenever I feel weak that's why I want
to give something back
[Music]
next time I'm kana tsuki no me
a story
what am I supposed to do
[Music]